# Hangman
Hangman is a classic game in which a player thinks of a word and the other player tries to guess that word within a certain amount of attempts.

This is an implementation of the Hangman game, where the computer thinks of a word and the user tries to guess it. 

In milestone 2, I started to implement the main features of the start of the game, including the list of possible words and then selecting a random word from this list using the import random module. I then further used the input function to get a guess from the user and checking if it was a valid input by implementing my first 'if-else' statement of the code.

In milestone 3, to define the check_guess function, using "def" to show I will be defining a function and then using "guess" as my parameters, I used the if condition to check if the guess was in the word and then returned a statmement back to the user for each outcome. 

To define the ask_for_input function I also used "def" but no parameters. I then used a while loop to continue the guessing until the inputted character was correct and an if condition to check if the guess had the right paramters.. e.g was a character not a number and was only one character long. If the guess was an acceptable input, the while loop would "break" otherwise it would return a statement to the user and letting them guess again. The ask_for_input function also contained the check_guess function so I would only have to print one function instead of both.

I defined the Hangman class using the 'class' function. The attributes I used to define the class were the attributes that allowed me to develop the two methods to check the guess and then ask for the input. The attributes needed to define the 'check_guess' method were 'word', 'word_guessed', num_lives', 'num_letters' and 'list_of_guesses'. These attributes allowed me to define the method to check if the guess was in the word, and if it was, the guess would be added into the system and replace the current list of '_' and then reduce the number of unique letters left to guess. If it wasn't, the number of lives would be reduced. Finally the guess would be added to the list of guessed of letters to prevent re guessing. The second method the attributes allowed me to define was the 'ask_for_input' method that checked if the input was a valid character and not a letter or multiple characters. If the guess was valid it ran the 'check_guess' method, if not it would report back to the user they needed to guess again. These two methods have made up the classs of Hangman and essentially the game.

In milestone 5, the final task was to end the game when won/lost. Using another if/else statement, if the user's lives had reached 0, the entire code would finish, the same would happen if the number of lives was above 0 when the number of unguessed letters had reached 0, showing the user had won. If neither of these were true, the ask for input function would be called again, allowing the user to guess again.
